well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
numbers we're gonna talk about numbers
that we knew we're going to be like this
we're going to talk about things that we
knew we're going to happen that are now
starting to happen we're going to talk
about what's most likely to happen next
and a lot of this isn't good news to be
honest but there is a ray of hope in
here there is some good news in here and
that good news is that the average
American is smarter than most people
think
okay so unemployment 15% almost 15% I'm
not an economist but I would suggest
that's probably pretty significant you
know I'm no expert but I would imagine
that that's probably that's probably
something worth noting states are
starting to reopen and because of that
everybody should be returning back to
work right but that's not actually
happening it's not going the way those
who cried out for less government
interference imagined it would because
Americans are smarter than they gave
them credit for they're leading
themselves because these reopening czar
against the better advice so what
happens if you're one of these employers
who wind and cried about having to be
closed and now you've reopened this year
not all your employees are coming at
let's see that's upsetting because now
you didn't want to stay closed but you
have an obligation to stay open because
a lot of retail space commercial leases
they require you to be open a certain
number of hours have the lights on have
people there but the employees not all
the employees want to come in so what do
you do if here in that situation if you
are a want to be feudal lord who owns
your serfs and feel that they owe their
health to you and that you can dispense
with it as you please
well your only option is to contact your
Lord the government and the government
has one tool in its toolbox
violence the state of Ohio has set up a
website where employers can rat out
their employees who won't return to a
job they were let go from out of fear of
what's going around if they don't come
back the employers can rat them out to
the government then the government will
say oh you're committing fraud
unemployment fraud you have to stop your
unemployment and if you keep getting it
here comes that government gon get in
that cage son the common folk are not
doing as they were told by their betters
so far in Ohio more than 1200 people
have been ratted out by their employer I
wish I could say Ohio was the only state
doing this or considering doing this
however Alabama Oklahoma Iowa
Pennsylvania Texas Tennessee and South
Carolina either already have stuff
running like this or have indicated that
they're interested we'll we'll have
stuff running like this iowa ari has a
tip line set up so now let's take this
to the next level if people aren't
willing to return to work yet what do
you think the odds are that they're
gonna go out and shop for non essentials
probably pretty slim number one they
don't have this much money number two
they know it's not safe they're not
willing to take the risk that means that
all of these businesses that wanted to
reopen well the amount of money their
revenue is going to be lower because
there's gonna be less people coming to
them however their expenses are going to
be higher because they've got that have
the lights on they got to have people
there
you don't have to be Warren Buffett to
understand that a lot of small
businesses who were let's just say upset
about being closed are going to end up
going out of business permanently
because they fought to reopen I would
also suggest that this is just me
talking but if I found out that an
employer ratted out their employee over
something like this I would never do
business with them again and I don't
mean one of those republican boycotts or
like you know you get mad about
something somebody says who's loosely
affiliated with the company so you
boycott it for two weeks and normally
it's a company that you never had
anything to do with anyway no I mean I
would never do business with your
company again I'm pretty sure I'm not
the only person that feels that way
because if you do that you're a horrible
person and if you're going to treat your
employees like that I would imagine you
would treat your customers pretty poorly
too so I would hope that somebody's
fighting to make the list of employers
public I think that's something that the
consumer needs to know but with all of
this in mind what we can loosely take
from this is that as predicted the
economy's not going to get better it's
probably going to get worse because
we've reopened because the little guy
wasn't bailed out because they don't
have money and they are not going to do
with their betters command and put their
lives at risk
if they don't have money and probably
not going to be able to pay rent and
stuff like that so all of those
landlords who were fighting you know
over the last month or two trying to get
things to reopen so their tenants could
get paid welfare how can I get it anyway
only now the banks are going to be less
forgiving it's almost like cooperation
would have worked better than trying to
force your will onto others
it's almost like we didn't need a
government order it's almost like we
just needed to do what was smart and the
average American is smarter than their
bosses and government would give them
credit for they're not just going to do
what their betters tell them they're not
going to risk their lives so those
people above them can make a few extra
bucks at this point the government's dug
its hills in on this I don't know what
the solution is because they're not
going to want to bail out their citizens
because they need that stick the carrot
of our current system is hey you're
gonna lead a semi comfortable life you
may want an a billion chance be one of
those that make it out of your current
class and get to the next class but
they've also got that stick to say get
back to work
they're going to rely on that stick if
that continues for too long and people
remain smarter than they are expected to
be it's probably going to go bad it's
probably gonna go bad anyway because
this is going to spread the projections
show that the projections have actually
been pretty on the nose seventy-five
thousand at this point and there are
still people talking about how its
overblown that wasn't a big deal at
75,000 with everything shut down imagine
what its gonna be next month wash your
hands don't touch your face stay at home
if you can if the government doesn't put
a gun to your head you have to go out
wear a mask and if your employer
interferes with anything having to do
with your safety contact the media file
a lawsuit do whatever you need to
because all of these employers that
wanted everybody to come back for their
benefit they should certainly be
providing the protection that those
employees need and if they're not the
consumer needs to know that and I would
imagine some of those places might go
out of business permanently it's always
better to be a good person normally
normally always works out better for you
in the long run anyway it's just a
thought y'all y'all have a good day
enjoy the start of the depression